0
chenziwe@hollerith:ZFaceNet$ python pre.py batch9
139
96990 valid pics
Jean_Arthur
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jean_Harlow
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
error
Jeanine_Mason
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jean_Louisa_Kelly
error
error
error
error
Jean-Marc_Barr
Jeanne_Crain
error
error
error
error
error
error
Jeanne_Tripplehorn
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
Jeannie_Mai
error
Jean-Paul_Belmondo
error
Jean_Reno
error
Jean_Seberg
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: extra compressed data
Jean_Simmons
error
error
error
error
error
Jean_Smart
error
error
Jeff_Bezos
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeff_Chandler
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeff_Conaway
error
error
error
Jeff_Daniels
error
Jeff_Fahey
Jeff_Garlin
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jeff_Goldblum
error
Jeffrey_Dean_Morgan
Jeffrey_Donovan
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeffrey_Hunter
error
Jeffrey_Nordling
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeffrey_Tambor
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeffrey_Wright
Jemaine_Clement
error
error
Jemima_Rooper
error
Jena_Malone
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jena_Sims
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jenifer_Lewis
Jenilee_Harrison
error
error
Jen_Lilley
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
Jenna_Boyd
error
error
Jenna_Coleman
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jenna_Fischer
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jenna_Haze
error
error
error
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jenna_Ushkowitz
error
error
Jenn_Brown
error
error
Jennette_McCurdy
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jennifer_Beals
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jennifer_Carpenter
error
Jennifer_Coolidge
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
Jennifer_Ehle
error
error
Jennifer_Elise_Cox
error
error
error
error
error
Jennifer_Esposito
error
Jennifer_Ferrin
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
Jennifer_Finnigan
error
error
error
error
error
error
Jennifer_Freeman
error
error
error
error
Jennifer_Jason_Leigh
error
Jennifer_Morrison
error
error
Jennifer_Saunders
error
Jennifer_Stone
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jenny_Slate
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jenny_Wade
error
error
error
error
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jensen_Ackles
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: profile 'icc': 'RGB ': RGB color space not permitted on grayscale PNG
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeremy_Brett
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jeremy_Clarkson
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeremy_Davies
Jeremy_Irons
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeremy_Irvine
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeremy_Northam
error
error
Jeremy_Piven
error
error
Jeremy_Renner
Jeremy_Shada
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jeremy_Sisto
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jeremy_Sumpter
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jerome_Flynn
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jerry_Ferrara
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jerry_Orbach
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jerry_Trainor
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jes_Macallan
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jesse_Bradford
error
Jesse_Eisenberg
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jesse_L._Martin
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jesse_McCartney
error
error
Jesse_Metcalfe
error
error
Jesse_Plemons
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jesse_Spencer
error
error
Jesse_Williams
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jessica_Boehrs
error
Jessica_De_Gouw
libpng error: PNG input buffer is incomplete
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: cHRM chunk does not match sRGB
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jessica_Gomes
error
Jessica_Hecht
Jessica_Lowndes
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jessica_Marais
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jessica_McNamee
error
Jessica_Raine
Corrupt JPEG data: 342 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd9
Jessica_Steen
Jessica_Walter
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jessie_J
libpng warning: iCCP: extra compressed data
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jessie_Pavelka
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jessy_Schram
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jet_Li
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
error
error
Jillian_Harris
Jillian_Michaels
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: cHRM chunk does not match sRGB
error
Jillian_Murray
error
error
error
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jillian_Rose_Reed
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jill_Scott
Jill_St._John
error
Jill_Wagner
error
error
error
Jim_Beaver
Jim_Broadbent
error
Jim_Caviezel
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jim_Henson
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Jim_Jefferies
Jimmy_Bennett
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Jimmy_Fallon
error
Jim_Sturgess
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joan_Allen
Joan_Blondell
error
error
error
Joan_Chen
error
error
Joan_Cusack
error
error
Joan_Hickson
libpng warning: iCCP: profile 'ICC Profile': 0h: PCS illuminant is not D50
libpng warning: iCCP: profile 'ICC Profile': 0h: PCS illuminant is not D50
Joanna_Krupa
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: cHRM chunk does not match sRGB
Joanna_Lumley
error
Corrupt JPEG data: premature end of data segment
error
Joanne_Froggatt
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
error
Joanne_Kelly
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joan_Rivers
Joan_Van_Ark
Joaquim_de_Almeida
Jodi_Benson
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: cHRM chunk does not match sRGB
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joe_Armstrong
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joe_Flanigan
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joe_Jonas
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: cHRM chunk does not match sRGB
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: extra compressed data
Joe_Lando
Joel_Courtney
Joel_Edgerton
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Joel_Gretsch
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
error
Joel_Kinnaman
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
error
Joelle_Carter
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joel_McHale
error
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joe_Lo_Truglio
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joe_Manganiello
Joe_Morton
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joey_Fatone
error
Joey_Heatherton
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
error
Joey_King
libpng warning: iCCP: extra compressed data
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
Joey_McIntyre
error
error
error
got avg!
